docs: fix installation steps in E2E example (#1645)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/generic-gs/_index.md

* [Jaeger](https://jaegertracing.io) for Traces
* [Grafana](https://github.com/grafana/) for Dashboarding

> Install these together with the KLT with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install these together with the Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit with the following command:
```

Install these together with the KLT with the following command:

```shell
make install-observability

> make restart-lifecycle-toolkit

Reviewer: please keep this line to restart the pods of the operator
